README.md, before:

unity3d-texturepackerimporter
=============================

Unity3D - Texture Packer Importer
http://www.texturepacker.com/

## Authors
* Mitch Thompson
* Harald Lurger

## Video Tutorial
There is a tutorial for this plugin here:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHQmvC1pqaY

## Instructions
How to import texture sheets from Texture Packer

## TexturePacker settings:
	Data Format:  Unity3D (or JSON Hashtable, then change extension from .json to .txt so Unity picks it up as a text asset)
	Allow rotation is OK
	Everything else at your discretion
	I suggest keeping the output texture's size as Power of 2.
	
## Unity process:
	Create a folder in your Assets/ directory for your imported sprites.
	Copy the TXT and Image file (PNG, TGA, etc) into that folder.
	Your paths should look something like:
		Assets/MySprite/MySprite.txt
		Assets/MySprite/MySprite.png
			
## Shaders:
	Transparent Unlit - 
		The default shader for all imported sprite sheets.
	Opaque Unlit - 
		nontransparent tintable shader great for drawing backgrounds that don't need alpha.  Very efficient.
	Vertex Color - 
		Does not have an inspector-tweakable color property.  All colors must be set by altering the colors[] or colors32[] array of a given mesh.  
		Supports both texture alpha and vertex color alpha.

Commit message:

Removing the original Readme and License file to be update with the root level files.  Updating script to copy these files over.  Adding contributors name to the project and adding Travis-CI status badge.

README.md, after:

unity3d-texturepackerimporter [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/haysclark/unity3d-texturepackerimporter.png)](https://travis-ci.org/haysclark/unity3d-texturepackerimporter)
=============================

Unity3D - Texture Packer Importer
http://www.texturepacker.com/

## Authors
* Mitch Thompson
* Harald Lurger
* Hays Clark

## Video Tutorial
There is a tutorial for this plugin here:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHQmvC1pqaY

## Instructions
How to import texture sheets from Texture Packer

## TexturePacker settings:
	Data Format:  Unity3D (or JSON Hashtable, then change extension from .json to .txt so Unity picks it up as a text asset)
	Allow rotation is OK
	Everything else at your discretion
	Power of 2 output textures are suggested.
	
## Unity process:
	Create a folder in your Assets/ directory for your imported sprites.
	Copy the TXT and Image file (PNG, TGA, etc) into that folder.
	Your paths should look something like:
		Assets/MySprite/MySprite.txt
		Assets/MySprite/MySprite.png
			
## Shaders:
	Transparent Unlit - 
		The default shader for all imported sprite sheets.
	Opaque Unlit - 
		nontransparent tintable shader great for drawing backgrounds that don't need alpha.  Very efficient.
	Vertex Color - 
		Does not have an inspector-tweakable color property.  All colors must be set by altering the colors[] or colors32[] array of a given mesh.  
		Supports both texture alpha and vertex color alpha.
